-# Game-Of-Trust
This game presents you with many exercises of trust, and reveal's traits about your character 


This code is based off of the game "Evolution of Trust". This game has all sorts of different characters ranging from robbers to detectives. Evolution of Trust is all about running simulations with different characters, and finding out whether or not they cooperated with you or not. So say for example, say you have an apple. And someone else named George comes along, and he also has an apple. If you both decide to cooperate, George gives you his apple, and if you cooperate as well, you give him your apple. But say you decided not to cooperate, George gives you his, and you don't give George an apple, you have 2 and he has 0. Evolution of Trust runs a simulation based not on apples, but on points. Each simulation can have any number of starting players, but usually they have eight. Each character can decide whether to cooperate, or not cooperate (cheat). If they both cooperate, they both gain 2 points. If they both cheat, they both get nothing. And if one person cheats and the other cooperates, the person who cheated gets 3 points, and the person who cooperates loses a point. So there are many different characters such as a friend, who always cooperates, a cheater, who always cheats, or even a detective. The detective is more complex than the previous two because it starts with cooperate, cheat, cooperate, cooperate/ If they've never been betrayed, they cheat. But if ever they are betrayed, they do whatever the person they are going against did during there last turn. So as you can see, with different combinations of groups, you can get pretty interesting results. And that's what the game is all about!
